---
toc: true
layout: post
description: This is my post
categories: [markdown]
title: Thoughts & Experiments in Machine Learning & other Random ones
---

# The First  Post is the Hardest
Yes it's hard because it's hard to shut the noise in the mind that keeps telling me I will not write anything good. So I wanted to keep it short and get it done.   

## Why bother with yet another blog about ML
I think it will be good for me to  publically note down the idea and motivation behind writing and maintaining a  blog.
I have been practicing and experimenting with ML and neural networks for a while. I managed to get decent results when I was consistent but then life (aka the job) got busy and I lost touch.
When I attempted to get back upto speed I was surprised how much theory I had forgotten. Even more unbelievable was how FAST the ML landscape and ML library APIs had changed!!

Soooo....anyhooooo.... after a lot of head-banging, re-reading, re-learning and re-arranging things in my head, I decided a blog will be a good idea to document a few different things

1. My experiments and experiences as I navigate through the Kaggle world
2. Tutorials for interesting features in Pytorch/FastAI etc and ML theory I come across
3. Notes and thoughts on ML research literature - papers, events and buzz words - To clarify my thinking and share my perspective
4. Personal notes and a list of resources for future reference
5. Rants - Yes! there will be rants


As I document these experiments and experiences, I intend to keep the material accessible for anybody who has basic programming skills in Python and has some fundamental ML background. I will try to include plenty of links and references for any material relevant to the posts so its possible to dig deeper as needed.  
Overall, I plan to keep my posts fairly well scoped, easy to read (and hopefully code-up) and with some luck a bit of wit, satire and sarcasm. I personally do not enjoy long posts with 1000s of words, many concepts and equations bundled into one. I find it difficult to put the content to some actionable use.


It is my hope that you,  the reader, will enjoy the content and can derive some use from it.
Comments, opinions and constructive criticism is welcome and very appreciated.
